Update CORS docs with RouteLoggingMiddleware (#562)
vapor/docs: 4.0/docs/middleware.md

    allowedHeaders: [.accept, .authorization, .contentType, .origin, .xRequestedWith, .userAgent, .accessControlAllowOrigin]
)
let cors = CORSMiddleware(configuration: corsConfiguration)

> // Only if you want to enable the default per-route loggin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Only add this if you want to enable the default per-route logging
```

let routeLogging = RouteLoggingMiddleware(logLevel: .info)

> // Add the defautl error middleware

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Add the default error middleware
```
